For global connectivity, Carmtek can provide M2M device connectivity with global cellular roaming on the Bell Mobility Global IoT platform. This worldwide connectivity platform provides cellular M2M device airtime with no roaming charges and reactivation. Activation on the Global IoT Platform is recommended for M2M devices that require seamless  mobile or portable coverage worldwide operation. 
##### Bell Mobility Modem to Modem Closed User Groups
M2M Modems can be provisioned on Private IP Networks in a Modem to Modem Closed user group. The modems would not have any external access unless you connected one of the modems to an external connection Internet and allowed access via the modem. Closed User Group Architecture can be used for security connectivity in SCADA and control systems applications. Closed User Groups employ security rules to prevent unsolicited data transfer such as hacking and spam to and from your IoT device. CUGS configurations provide Internet protection and allow groups of IoT devices and back-end servers to communicate.
##### Bell Mobility Network VPN
VPN to Bell Mobilty Mobility to Customer Data Center allows network connectivity to Modem on Closed User Group.
##### SatSCADA IsatData Pro M2M Hosting and Airtime
Carmtek provides satellite M2M Airtime on Inmarsat IsatData Pro satellite M2M Platform for the SAT100 series satellite M2M terminals  for worldwide operation.
Inmarsat IsatData Pro M2M  Coverage Map

SatSCADA Dual Mode Cellular/Satellite M2M Airtime Provisioning
Satellite and cellular airtime provisioning and airtime for SAT120 dual mode satellite/ cellular modems. The SatSCADA Hosting/Airtime provides hosting services and satellite and cellular provisioning and airtime in a  managed program. SatSCADA M2M features cloud based management, enabling  both cellular and satellite to be fully remotely managed and activated. This integrated SatSCADA satellite/cellular program provides M2M operational flexibility for optimal airtime plans. SatSCADA M2M features satellite airtime on global Inmarsat IsatData Pro Satellite network and global cellular airtime on the Telus Global IoT Platform.