
Having done numerous field installations in different sites in Oil & Gas, Power Generation and Distribution, Mining and Manufacturing applications. Our experience in the field ensures that customer expectations are met with reliable field installation services.
We deploy trained and experienced field personnel for all our field service work. Our field service personnel include technicians and engineers formally trained in RF / Wireless Communications, Computers, Electronics, Electrical and Instrumentation technologies.
We also provide extensive in-house training in Wireless SCADA/IoT & Telemetry, enabling our personnel with the knowledge to effectively perform all installation, commissioning, and troubleshooting tasks.
#### Oil & Gas Applications
Having installed and commissioned over 10,000 sites, our experience in the Oil and Gas industry is unparalleled. Our team of experts ensures that customer expectations are met with reliable products and quality services.
  * Water/CO2 Injection Well SCADA System.
  * Pump-jack/Screw-pump SCADA & Telemetry System.
  * Water Disposal Tank High Level Shutdown System.
  * Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) SCADA Communication.
  * Wireless Tank Level Gauging System.
  * Gas Engine Driven Hydraulic Screw pump Monitoring System.
  * IP Gateway for Gas Pipeline Applications.

#### Water Applications
Bentek Systems has helped numerous customers with various water systems. We provide expert engineering design and installation for the most complex SCADA and Telemetry applications.
  * Remote Valve Control Telemetry.
  * Sewage Treatment Plant Inflow Telemetry.
  * Lift Station Pump Control Telemetry.
  * Water Reservoir Pump Control Telemetry.
  * Re-chlorination Monitoring Telemetry.

#### Manufacturing Applications
Our technologies integrate seamlessly with PLC’s to provide customers with real-time data and control. Running a manufacturing plant is now much easier with Bentek technologies.

  * Distributed Radio Network for Overhead Crane PLC Communications.